pursuing its goal of creating the
ultimate road-going sports car McLaren
cars spared no expense and drew upon its
vast Formula One racing knowledge to
create the spectacular of McLaren f1 a
superlight high-performance car which
employs some of the most cutting-edge
technologies and materials in the
industry built on an incredibly strong
and ultralight carbon composite policy
the f1 spoken BMW v12 engine producing
627 horsepower is capable of propelling
this car to a stunning 231 mile per hour
top speed earning it the distinction of
being the fastest production sports car
in the world for improved grip and
handling the f1 employs a complex system
of airflow management electric fans and
a brake activated rear coil these
combined effects literally suck the car
to the ground at high speeds carrying a
staggering 540 thousand pound sticker
price the McLaren f1 is the most
expensive production Road car in the
world but the drivers of demand ultimate
performance and can afford the price few
cars can match either its speed or
acceleration
although founded in 1989 the history of
McLaren cars actually began decades
earlier during the outstanding racing
career of the late Bruce McLaren born in
New Zealand in 1937 Bruce McLaren began
his foray in the automotive racing at
the youthful age of 14 when his father
gave him an ageing 24 horsepower 1929
Austin 7 Ulster racing using the old
Austin 7 the young McLaren began to
learn about racing and engineering in
1959 he became the youngest driver to
every win at Grand Prix a milestone
which was to set the tenor for the
remainder of his career with the
formation of Bruce McLaren motor racing
in 1964 he and his team began their
conquest of Formula One and founded a
dynasty which stands to this day McLaren
also dreamt of producing a road-going
sports car but sadly he was killed in a
tragic testing accident in 1970 yet his
dream and the team lived on dominating
the sport and becoming the most
successful drawn Prix team ever in 1993
McLaren cars was formed in 1989 with a
simple mission statement build the
ultimate road-going sports car drawn on
MacLaren's rich Formula One heritage and
technology based the company under the
guidance of technical director Gordon
Murray and his team crafted a dream into
reality
in 1994 the company launched their first
production Road car the McLaren f1
you